README.md, before:

# readme-rewriter
This repository is used to test g2531455 for readme rewriting for File Exchange submissions.

| Left Justified    | Centered       | Right Justified     |
|:--                |:--------------:|                  --:|
| Gauche            | Centre         | Droit               |

| Image Test        | Image Test     |  Image 40px tall    |
|:-----------------:|:--------------:|:-------------------:|
| 1234567           | 123456         | <a href="http://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/toolboxes/trx/master/AnalogDevicesTransceiverToolbox_v20.2.1.mltbx"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" data-canonical-src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" height="40" /></a>|

| Image Test        | Image Test     |  Image -40px tall    |
|:-----------------:|:--------------:|:-------------------:|
| 1234567           | 123456         | <a href="http://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/toolboxes/trx/master/AnalogDevicesTransceiverToolbox_v20.2.1.mltbx"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" data-canonical-src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" height="-40" /></a>|

| Image Test        | Image Test     | Image invalid height|
|:-----------------:|:--------------:|:-------------------:|
| 1234567           | 123456         | <a href="http://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/toolboxes/trx/master/AnalogDevicesTransceiverToolbox_v20.2.1.mltbx"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" data-canonical-src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" height="dummy-value" /></a>|

Commit message:

Adding line from Git in MATLAB Desktop

README.md, after:

# readme-rewriter
This repository is used to test g2531455 for readme rewriting for File Exchange submissions.

Adding this line to see if I can update from Git on MATLAB Desktop

| Left Justified    | Centered       | Right Justified     |
|:--                |:--------------:|                  --:|
| Gauche            | Centre         | Droit               |

| Image Test        | Image Test     |  Image 40px tall    |
|:-----------------:|:--------------:|:-------------------:|
| 1234567           | 123456         | <a href="http://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/toolboxes/trx/master/AnalogDevicesTransceiverToolbox_v20.2.1.mltbx"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" data-canonical-src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" height="40" /></a>|

| Image Test        | Image Test     |  Image -40px tall    |
|:-----------------:|:--------------:|:-------------------:|
| 1234567           | 123456         | <a href="http://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/toolboxes/trx/master/AnalogDevicesTransceiverToolbox_v20.2.1.mltbx"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" data-canonical-src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" height="-40" /></a>|

| Image Test        | Image Test     | Image invalid height|
|:-----------------:|:--------------:|:-------------------:|
| 1234567           | 123456         | <a href="http://swdownloads.analog.com/cse/toolboxes/trx/master/AnalogDevicesTransceiverToolbox_v20.2.1.mltbx"><img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" data-canonical-src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/Matlab_Logo.png" height="dummy-value" /></a>|
